Duel fans,
prepare yourselves!
Our next Arc League
Championship battle
is about to begin!
It's Yuya Sakaki
versus Sylvio Sawatari
in a duel destined
to dazzle!
Go Yuya!
Good luck!
Duel with strength!
And with passion!
(Yoko)
Focus, Yuya.
Get past this next opponent and
you'll be that much closer
to making your
dreams a reality.
(woman)
That's the duelist they say
can Pendulum Summon!
(man)
Aw, I've heard Pendulum
Summoning isn't even real!
With the whole world watching,
guess we'll all find out.
And find out if Yuya's the next
big thing or a big phony.
(gasps)
♪
(Tate)
What's he
dressed up as?
He's dressed up
like a samurai!
Do you know why I
dress as a warrior?
Because I plan to
battle like one!
To fight
with great honor!
And 'cause I saw this costume
on sale earlier.
♪
Look, it's never too early
to go shopping for Halloween.
You're strange.
No!
I am the great
Sylvio!
(all)
Yay, Sylvio!
Such a smart shopper!
Please Don't
encourage him.
Can we duel now?
(Sylvio)
Oh, yes, Yuya, but if you knew
what I had planned for you,
you may not be so eager.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
Yuya Sakaki, you've
wronged me three times!
When was this?
First time:
You stole my Pendulum cards and
then used them to beat me!
Remember?
Uh, no.
Those cards I
"stole" were mine.
Time two:
You wore a mask and injured
me in a second duel!
Admit it.
Afraid not.
I wasn't the one
underneath that mask.
Third time!
You dishonored my family
by assaulting my dad!
I know that
it was you!
Nope...
Still not me.
Oh, you can deny
all you want.
Bottom line is you
and I have history, Yuya!
Now it's payback
time.
For all of the defeats
and disrespect,
now I will finally
settle the score.
Oh, yeah!
Top‐notch trash talk and we
haven't even started yet!
Finally, Yuya's gonna
be put in his place.
And if you think
Pendulum cards
are going to save
you, think again,
'cause they're actually
gonna be your downfall.
I'm gonna lose because
of Pendulum cards?
(Yuya)
Wait a sec...
I hear the Leo Corporation
is starting
to independently
develop Pendulum Cards now.
I'll be the first in line
when they release.
And then you and I are
going to settle things.
(Yuya)
Can it be that Sylvio has
Pendulum cards of his own now?
Now, let's set
the stage, shall we?
Let's select the duel's
Action Field!
Here it comes!
And...
there it is!
Now lights, camera...
Action Field!
And it looks like
this match's Action Field
will be Sunset
Stronghold!
(computer)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Generating Action Field.
Okay!
Let's turn this field
into a battlefield!
Don't have to
ask me twice‐‐ Go!
(both)
Now, time to see who
the best duelist is!
I'm so excited I could
scream so I think I will!
(high‐pitched screaming)
Let's duel!
(computer)
Action Cards dispersed.
Go ahead Yuya,
you first.
Fine then!
Since neither of us
has any monsters out,
I can lower this
monster's level by one
to summon it right out
onto the field!
So go bananas
Performapal Drummerilla!
Then I'll play
a facedown...
And that's it.
Yes, that will
be it!
Because now
begins... Your downfall!
It's my turn!
I draw!
First I activate the spell card
Yosen Training Grounds!
For centuries, ghostly samurai
spirits known as Yosenjus
wandered these
sacred grounds.
So whenever I
summon a Yosenju,
one of my candles
will light up!
You mean
those candles?
Yep and
speaking of...
Let's light one
up right now!
I summon
Yosenju Kama 1!
And due to his
special ability...
I can now summon
another Yosenju Kama
so long as it's different spirit
than the one I just summoned.
So come on out
Yosenju Kama 2!
But why stop at two, when I
can bring out a third one?
Take to the field
Yosenju Kama 3!
What a sensational
start for Sylvio!
Summoning three
monsters in one move!
Surely, you didn't think
your Pendulum technique
was the only way one
could summon monsters quickly,
did you, Yuya?
Oh and don't forget, since I
summoned three samurai spirits,
due to Yosen Training
Grounds' effect,
three of those
candles light up!
Guys...
What do
those do?
My best guess?
Bad stuff.
Way to start
strong!
Just like a
samurai warrior!
Now don't let up!
Next I play
Kama 1's ability!
Since there's another of his
Kama brothers already out...
I'm now allowed to return one
monster that's on your field
back to your hand!
What?
So long,
Drummerilla!
This isn't good!
His field's now
completely bare!
Yuya's wide open
to attack!
And now...
Let's go!
Kama 1 attack!
(Sylvio)
Yuya!
I play a
trap card!
Go Performapal
Pinch Helper!
And it's helping me
out of this pinch
by negating your
monster's direct attack!
That's not all.
Then I can summon a
Performapal from my deck
that's gonna make sure that
me and my life points
are safe and sound
from all of your monsters!
I summon Kaleidoscorp
in defense mode!
And it'll defend
me all right!
Because with 2,300
points of defensive power,
your monsters can't
get past it!
Ha!
Sure they can, with Kama 2's
special ability...
He loses half
his attack points
but can then attack
you directly!
Sylvio found a way
around Kaleidoscorp,
so Yuya better
act fast!
Dashing off for
an Action Card?
I don't think so!
Blow him
off his feet!
(screams)
(Sylvio)
And I'm not
done yet.
Now Kama 3's
ability activates!
Since my samurai spirit
dealt you damage,
Kama 3's special ability
lets me draw another Yosenju
from my deck
to my hand!
And the one I choose is...
My Yosenju Oyam!
Then I activate Yosen
Training Grounds' effect!
By blowing out
three candles,
I can add another samurai
spirit from my deck to my hand!
I bet you'd like to
know what it is,
well what you don't
know won't hurt you...
at least not yet.
And now I'll end
my turn,
by simply placing
a single card facedown.
And when my turn ends,
my three samurai warriors
return to my hand.
Say bye...
For now!
(Yuya)
So Sylvio's
field is empty?
That means he's wide
open for attack!
Is this some
kind of trap?
Hey!
We're all waiting on you
to do something, Yuya!
What's the hold up?
(Nico Smiley)
Uh‐oh!
Is it paralysis by analysis
or is Yuya frozen
with fear?
(Yuya)
Trap or not.
I can't afford to
play it safe.
I gotta duel
like a star!
My turn!
I draw!
Aw, yeah!
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer magician
to set
the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of this
duel starting now!
♪
I can summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
All right!
Hooray pretzels!
I mean,
yeah Yuya.
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc
of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Get your beat on
Performapal Drummerilla!
Turn up the heat Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(Nico Smiley)
There it is!
Yuya's patented
Pendulum Summoning
that we've all been speaking
so much about!
I've never seen
anything like it!
So it really is real!
And now it's
showtime!
And it'll be a short show
at that 'cause if Odd‐Eyes
and Drummerilla hit with their
attacks, Sylvio's through!
That's true, Tate,
but that's a big "if."
(chuckling)
Now go Odd‐Eyes!
Take to the stage then take it
to Sylvio with all you've got!
I activate Yosenju Oyam's
special ability!
Now, since you've
attacked me directly...
By discarding one of
my samurai spirits,
I can summon Yosenju Oyam
in attack mode!
What are its
attack points?
Depends... you see Oyam's
attack points become the same
as the monster
it's battling!
And once again,
one candle lights up
because I summoned a
Yosenju monster!
Point is, my Oyam and
your Odd‐Eyes are history!
You wish!
I activate Drummerilla's
special ability!
I can increase the attack
points of my Odd‐Eyes by 600!
So your tree's about
to get torched!
(growling)
Now!
Go, Odd‐Eyes!
Spiral Flame
Strike!
Oh, and when Odd‐Eyes destroys a
monster that's Level 5‐or‐above,
battle damage is doubled!
(screaming)
(Nico Smiley)
Ouch!
Sylvio has taken
1200 points of damage
and Oyam has
been bested!
But now Oyam's
ability activates!
See Yuya, when Oyam's
destroyed in battle,
I'm allowed to add
another Oyam to my hand!
(Nico Smiley)
Whoa!
Looks like Yuya's
not out of the woods yet
when it comes to this menace
of a monster!
(Yuya)
Even if I attack again,
he'll just summon Oyam
to block my way.
I end my turn, but my
cardio is just getting started!
Run all you want.
You're not going to find any
cards that can save you.
You may have Pendulum Summoned,
but like I said before,
you're gonna find
out the true horrors
of Pendulum Summoning
soon enough!
Horrors of
Pendulum Summoning?
What does he mean?
Boy...
Sure sounds like he's got
something sneaky up his sleeve.
Now Yuya...
It's my turn!
I'm summoning
Yosenju Kama 1!
And since Kama 1
was summoned,
I can now summon
Kama 2 and Kama 3!
Plus...
I still have Yosen Training
Grounds' effect in play!
So, since these three
brothers were summoned,
three more candles
light up!
And Just like that, Sylvio
has again managed to mobilize
three monsters on
his field!
No!
Yuya's in the same position
he was in last turn!
This is terrible,
its wurst than a bratwurst
without sauerkraut and
mustard on the side!
And next...
I activate KAMA 2's
special ability,
by cutting his points in half,
he can attack you directly!
I need an
Action Card!
You gotta run like the wind
and hightail it outta there!
Yeah Zuzu, should
be a breeze.
(screaming)
Yuya!
Kama 3's special
ability activates!
Since my Yosenju
dealt you damage,
Kama 3's special ability lets
me draw another Yosenju!
And the one
I'm adding...
May surprise you...
It's a Pendulum
Monster!
Yosenju Shinchu L!
So he does have
Pendulum cards!
A Pendulum Monster?
But how?
I activate Yosen
Training Grounds' effect...
By extinguishing
three candles,
I can add one samurai
spirit to my hand!
And I know just
the one I want!
Yosenju Shinchu R
is the perfect addition
to help me subtract
you from this duel!
Another
Pendulum Monster!
That's two!
You look shocked.
I don't
know why.
I warned you that Pendulum
cards would be your downfall!
I'll use Scale 3
Yosenju Shinchu L
and Scale 5 Yosenju Shinchu R
to set the Pendulum Scale!
Looks like this duel's
about to swing my way!
We'll see.
With that set up you'll only be
able to summon Level 4 monsters
and I can handle that!
Level 4?
Ha!
In your dreams,
Yuya!
Yosenju Shinchu
R and L
are so perfectly in
tune with each other,
that the Pendulum Scale
tips in my favor
and rises to 11.
(gasping)
Which means now I
can summon monsters
from Levels 4
thru 10, Yuya!
And I think I'll
do just that,
behold, a beast born
from the howls of the winds!
A creature composed
of chaos and cruelty!
I give you
Mayosenju Daibak!
(growling)
(Nico Smiley)
Oh, my!
That's one monster I
wouldn't want to mess with!
But it's looking like Yuya
won't have a choice!
(growling)
(Nico Smiley)
Simply sensational!
Sylvio has performed a
perfect Pendulum Summon!
(man)
A strong surge of Pendulum
energy has just been detected.
(man)
Power balance and output
levels are both stable.
Mr. President,
the summoning was a success.
Yay, Sylvio,
way to go!
I'm going as you
for Halloween!
(Sylvio)
Now, thanks to Daibak,
another candle lights up!
I still can't believe
someone other than Yuya
was able to Pendulum Summon!
And Sylvio may even be
better at it than Yuya!
I knew that this
day would come...
But I had no idea that it
would come so very soon!
I know Yuya can still come
back from this... I think...
That's right!
Give it up
for Sylvio!
You all know
you love me!
No way!
We still love Yuya!
Yuya is a has‐been!
I'm the new hot
duelist now!
And you know why?
Because I've taken Yuya's
Pendulum Summoning method
to a whole
new level!
Have not!
That's 'cause
I'm not done yet!
By activating Daibak's
special ability!
I'm allowed to select
two cards on the field
and return them from
whence they came!
So, Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician,
return to
Yuya's hand!
There's more!
Since Daibak's
out on my field...
I can play the trap card
Dizzying Winds Of Yosen Village!
Now, your Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician
are going to be swept from your
hand back to your your deck!
(Nico Smiley)So not only has
Sylvio learned how to play with
Pendulum cards
but he's figured out a way
toprevent Yuya from playing
his!
There's
more Yuya!
Next by paying
800 life points...
I can activate the spell
card Yosen Whirlwind
and that's just
what I'll do!
And it's
blowing your way!
Because now I
end my turn,
but don't think it's
the end of your suffering!
Not in the least!
That's only
getting started!
I don't like where
you're going with this...
Nor should you, Yuya,
because when one of my samurai
spirits returns to my hand,
the effect of my
spell Yosen Whirlwind
returns one card on your
field to your hand!
And then Dizzying Winds
Of Yosen Village
returns that card
to your deck,
so your hand will be empty and
you won't have a single card
left to play!
Now, since I ended my turn,
the three Kama brothers
are about to exit
the field once again!
Which means....
The Winds are
now roaring!
First three cards
return to your hand...
And after that...
They return to
your deck!
Where you'll have a hard
time drawing them again!
So say so long to Pinch Helper,
Kaleidoscorp and Drummerilla!
Sylvio's gotten rid of
nearly all of Yuya's monsters!
Only Odd‐Eyes
is left!
Seems you're down to your
very last monster, Yuya!
But thanks to Daibak's
special ability,
it's going back
to my hand,
triggering
my card combo
so your Odd‐Eyes is
out of here, too!
Bye‐bye!
Won't miss you!
Oh, no!
If I had it in my hand,
I coulda summoned it again,
but if it's in my deck, I
don't have access to it.
Oh, Yuya...
Isn't it something, how
the spotlight you so crave
will soon only be
shining on me!
You may have wanted
be a star, Yuya...
But take a
nice, long look!
I'm dueling's
next big thing!
Well, he's certainly got
the big ego to go with it.
What's next?
A bunch of
camera close‐ups?
Oh, don't you
worry, Kit.
I'm sure that
they're coming.
Face it.
You have
been outmatched.
All you can do
now is lose!
Face it!
You have
been outmatched!
All you can do
now is lose!
Since I ended
my turn,
Yosenju Shinchu R's
Scale returns to normal.
So this is how you seal away
the power of a Pendulum card.
That is correct.
It's taken
some time...
But finally...
I was able
to figure it out.
Now let's see if Yuya is
capable of figuring out a way
to escape this
predicament.
Remember when I told you that we
had a score to settle, Yuya?
Well, guess what?
It's just
about settled!
Because after you take this
next turn, I'm afraid...
You...
Are so
going down!
Oh, no!
Just look at
Yuya's face!
He looks beaten,
like he's given up.
My turn.
C'mon, Yuya,
let's go!
Get fired up!
You can do
this, Yuya!
(all)
We believe in you!
Hold on...
Yuya...
He's smiling!
He's what?!
(Yuya)
To be a real star,
you've gotta have real drama...
And right now, I can feel
it all around me!
Right now,
it's time to shine!
What are you
smiling for?
You're about
to lose!
Maybe!
Maybe not!
But either way,
it'll be a great show!
A great show?
Draw!
I place two
cards facedown!
And end my turn.
Huh?
That's it?
Are you for real?
That's your idea
of a great show?
Ha.
Guess without
your Pendulum cards,
you're not the duel‐tainer
that you thought you were!
True, those cards
are gone...
But there are other
cards still out there!
Yuya?
It's okay!
(Gong)
Yuya's got that showtime
look in his eyes!
♪
Time for my
biggest production yet!